Albert Einstein;“Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.”;Cultivate creativity to expand your horizons. Winston Churchill;“Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts.”;Keep moving forward despite setbacks. Maya Angelou;“You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. Courage is the most important of all the virtues.”;Stand strong in the face of adversity. Oscar Wilde;“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”;Embrace your true self. Mark Twain;“The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and starting on the first one.”;Take the first step to make progress. Eleanor Roosevelt;“You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'”;Face your fears to build inner strength. Nelson Mandela;“It always seems impossible until it’s done. We must use time creatively, and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.”;Act now to achieve the impossible. Steve Jobs;“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.”;Find passion in your work for true satisfaction. Helen Keller;“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.”;Work together and stay hopeful to achieve more. Confucius;“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.”;Persist despite the pace. Abraham Lincoln;“The best way to predict your future is to create it. I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.”;Shape your future through your actions. Theodore Roosevelt;“Believe you can and you're halfway there. Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those timid spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much.”;Dare to take bold actions. Anne Frank;“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.”;Start making positive changes now. Charles Dickens;“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another. It is a melancholy truth that even great men cannot entirely escape the weight of their own misfortunes.”;Help others to make a difference. William James;“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. The greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that will outlast it.”;Make your actions count for something enduring. Friedrich Nietzsche;“He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. Without music, life would be a mistake.”;Find your purpose to overcome challenges. Helen Keller;“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.”;Stay positive to overcome difficulties. Ralph Waldo Emerson;“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. The only way to have a friend is to be one.”;Stay true to yourself and be a good friend. John F. Kennedy;“Ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country. The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened.”;Contribute to the greater good. J.K. Rowling;“It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.”;Make choices that reflect your true self. Plato;“The greatest wealth is to live content with little. One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.”;Find contentment and engage in civic matters. Socrates;“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. To find yourself, think for yourself.”;Embrace humility and independent thinking. Thomas Edison;“Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”;Work hard and learn from your failures. Vincent Van Gogh;“I am seeking. I am striving. I am in it with all my heart. The more I paint, the more I realize I am searching for something. The only way to understand what we are doing is to be there in the moment.”;Immerse yourself fully in your pursuits. Dalai Lama;“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. Compassion is the radicalism of our time.”;Create your own happiness through actions and compassion. Carl Jung;“The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are. Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.”;Understand yourself to better handle others. Mother Teresa;“Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love. If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.”;Perform small acts of kindness with love. Thomas Jefferson;“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.”;Work hard and protect your freedoms. George Bernard Shaw;“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.”;Create your own path and ensure clear communication. Winston Churchill;“To each, there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.”;Be ready for unique opportunities. Paulo Coelho;“When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it. The fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself.”;Pursue your desires with confidence. Albert Schweitzer;“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.”;Find happiness in your work for success. Leo Tolstoy;“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.”;Focus on self-improvement and be patient. George Eliot;“It is never too late to be what you might have been. The only way to have a friend is to be one.”;Pursue your potential and be a good friend. Ernest Hemingway;“The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places. Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.”;Turn your struggles into strengths. Ralph Waldo Emerson;“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. Our chief want in life is somebody who will make us do what we can.”;Shape your own destiny and find motivators. Henry David Thoreau;“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.”;Pursue your dreams with confidence. Joseph Campbell;“The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek. Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.”;Face your fears to find great rewards. Albert Einstein;“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.”;Keep progressing and adapt to changes. Maya Angelou;“You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.”;Manage your responses and impact others positively. Oscar Wilde;“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”;Focus on the positive and live fully. Steve Jobs;“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.”;Find satisfaction by loving your work. Helen Keller;“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.”;Collaborate and stay optimistic. Albert Einstein;“The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education. Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.”;Seek value over conventional success. Thomas Edison;“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.”;Persevere despite failures. Frank A. Clark;“If you can’t do great things, do small things in a great way. Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.”;Aim to excel in every task, no matter how small. Bruce Lee;“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.”;Concentrate on action over excessive thinking. Lao Tzu;“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. When you are content to be simply yourself and don’t compare or compete, everybody will respect you.”;Start with one step and embrace self-acceptance. John Lennon;“Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans. You don’t need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are.”;Live in the present and embrace your identity. Aristotle;“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. The more you know, the more you realize you don’t know.”;Develop habits of excellence and seek continual learning. Benjamin Franklin;“An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.”;Invest in learning and hands-on involvement. Simone de Beauvoir;“One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman. The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.”;Embrace your evolving identity and passions. Friedrich Nietzsche;“There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.”;Balance passion with reason and find meaning in challenges. John Wooden;“Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts. Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.”;Focus on courage and what you can achieve. Oprah Winfrey;“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more.”;Change your mindset to transform your future. Victor Hugo;“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise. There is nothing like a dream to create the future.”;Trust that better times will come and dream big. Eleanor Roosevelt;“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. A woman is like a tea bag—you don’t know how strong she is until you put her in hot water.”;Believe in your dreams and discover your strength in challenges. James Dean;“Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. The only way to do great work is to love what you do.”;Live fully and passionately in the present. Anne Frank;“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.”;Start improving the world today. Charles Dickens;“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another. It is a melancholy truth that even great men cannot entirely escape the weight of their own misfortunes.”;Lighten others' burdens to find your own purpose. William Shakespeare;“All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.”;Understand life as a series of roles and transitions. Mark Twain;“The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up. The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.”;Lift others' spirits to find your own joy. Albert Einstein;“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.”;Find opportunities even in challenging situations. Ralph Waldo Emerson;“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.”;Overcome doubts to realize your future. Helen Keller;“What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.”;Cherish deep connections and stay positive. John F. Kennedy;“Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.”;Have purpose and embrace change for future success. Thomas Jefferson;“In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal.”;Adapt to style but remain firm in principles. Aristotle;“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. The more you know, the more you realize you don’t know.”;Pursue self-awareness and continual learning. Helen Keller;“The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.”;Develop vision and embrace adventurous living. Richard Branson;“You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over. The brave may not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all.”;Learn by experience and take bold actions. Steve Jobs;“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.”;Live authentically and dare to make a difference. Nelson Mandela;“What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead.”;Focus on making a meaningful impact on others' lives. Ralph Waldo Emerson;“Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.”;Create your own path and stay present. George Bernard Shaw;“The only person I have ever known who behaves sensibly is my tailor. He takes my measure anew every time he sees me. The secret of happiness is freedom, and the secret of freedom is courage.”;Adapt and find happiness through courage. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;“The best way to predict the future is to create it. A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.”;Be proactive in shaping your future and embrace mistakes as learning. Buddha;“The mind is everything. What you think you become. It is better to travel well than to arrive.”;Cultivate a positive mindset and enjoy the journey. Mahatma Gandhi;“The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”;Serve others and keep learning throughout life. Anne Frank;“I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains. How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.”;Focus on beauty and start making a difference immediately. John Lennon;“Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I’m a dreamer, but I’m not the only one. I hope someday you’ll join us, and the world will live as one.”;Dream of and work towards a peaceful world. Winston Churchill;“Never give in. Never give in. Never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small, large or petty—never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense.”;Persist through all challenges, maintaining integrity. Helen Keller;“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.”;Maintain optimism and confidence to achieve your goals. Albert Schweitzer;“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.”;Find joy in your pursuits for true success. Ralph Waldo Emerson;“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.”;Shape your own identity and achieve personal success. Mother Teresa;“If you can’t feed a hundred people, then feed just one. Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.”;Perform small acts of kindness with love. Richard Branson;“Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming. The brave may not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all.”;Seize opportunities bravely and avoid hesitation. Wayne Dyer;“Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.”;Act now and manage your reactions to others. Lao Tzu;“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. To see things in the seed, that is genius.”;Begin your journey with one step and see potential in small beginnings. Bruce Lee;“Absorb what is useful, discard what is not, add what is uniquely your own. The more we value things, the less we value ourselves.”;Use what works for you and focus on self-worth. Marcus Aurelius;“The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one.”;Cultivate positive thoughts and embody goodness. Mahatma Gandhi;“Be the change that you wish to see in the world. Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”;Actively shape the change you want and continue learning. Helen Keller;“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.”;Work together and stay optimistic for greater achievements. John Lennon;“Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans. Imagine all the people living life in peace.”;Focus on the present and dream of a peaceful world. Winston Churchill;“Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts. To each, there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents.”;Persist with courage and be ready for special opportunities. Martin Luther King Jr.;“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. The time is always right to do what is right. I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.”;Stand against injustice and strive for equality. Marcus Aurelius;“The only way to deal with this life meaningfully is to find one's own path and to live it. Life is neither good nor bad; it is the way we perceive it.”;Discover your path and shape your perspective on life. George Bernard Shaw;“Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.”;Balance seriousness with humor and adapt to change. William Blake;“The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom. You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.”;Understand limits through experiencing excess. Ernest Hemingway;“The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places. The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty; not knowing what comes next.”;Grow stronger from difficulties and embrace uncertainty. John F. Kennedy;“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.”;Overcome fear and pursue your goals with purpose. Abraham Lincoln;“I do not like that man. I must get to know him better. I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.”;Seek understanding of others and keep moving forward. Viktor Frankl;“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. Between stimulus and response, there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response.”;Adapt yourself when faced with unchangeable situations. Maya Angelou;“You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. It may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.”;Learn from defeats to discover your strength. Abraham Lincoln;“The best way to predict your future is to create it. I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.”;Take control of your future through your actions. Margaret Mead;“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.”;Believe in the power of small groups and embrace your uniqueness. Winston Churchill;“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.”;Choose optimism and value standing up for your beliefs. Carl Jung;“The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are. Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.”;Embrace your true self and learn from interactions with others. Steve Jobs;“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. The only way to do great work is to love what you do.”;Find fulfillment by loving your work and pursuing greatness. George Bernard Shaw;“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.”;Focus on creating your identity and ensure effective communication. Anne Frank;“I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains. How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.”;Concentrate on beauty and start making a difference immediately. John Lennon;“Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans. Imagine all the people living life in peace.”;Live in the moment and dream of a peaceful world. Mahatma Gandhi;“The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”;Serve others and continue learning throughout life. Viktor Frankl;“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances.”;Adapt yourself and choose your attitude in all situations. Albert Einstein;“Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution.”;Cultivate creativity as it drives progress. Eleanor Roosevelt;“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.”;Believe in your dreams and face fears to gain strength. Albert Einstein;“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe. Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”;Understand human fallibility and keep moving forward. Mahatma Gandhi;“Be the change you wish to see in the world. The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.”;Actively create positive change and serve others. George Bernard Shaw;“Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.”;Focus on self-creation and ensure clear communication. Winston Churchill;“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. To each, there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents.”;Persist with courage and be ready for unique opportunities. Thomas Edison;“Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”;Work hard and learn from failures. Albert Einstein;“The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education. Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.”;Value growth over traditional success. Helen Keller;“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.”;Collaborate for greater achievements and stay positive. Martin Luther King Jr.;“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. The time is always right to do what is right.”;Stand against injustice and act timely. Franklin D. Roosevelt;“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.”;Overcome fear and doubts to realize your future. Thomas Jefferson;“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.”;Work hard and protect freedoms. Buddha;“The mind is everything. What you think you become. It is better to travel well than to arrive.”;Shape your reality with positive thoughts and enjoy the journey. Eleanor Roosevelt;“You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.”;Gain strength through facing fears and believe in your dreams. Nelson Mandela;“It always seems impossible until it’s done. The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.”;Achieve the impossible and rise from failures. Oscar Wilde;“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”;Seek the positive and live fully. Vincent Van Gogh;“I am seeking. I am striving. I am in it with all my heart. The more I paint, the more I realize I am searching for something.”;Immerse yourself in your passions with full commitment. John Lennon;“Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I’m a dreamer, but I’m not the only one.”;Dream of a peaceful world and inspire others to do the same. Steve Jobs;“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.”;Live authentically and dare to make a difference. Helen Keller;“What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.”;Cherish deep connections and maintain positivity. Viktor Frankl;“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances.”;Adapt and choose your attitude when faced with challenges. Helen Keller;“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.”;Work together for greater impact.